!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
ALIGNMENT_CHOICES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    ALIGNMENT_CHOICES = ($/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
ALLOWED_HOSTS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^ALLOWED_HOSTS = ['*']$/;"	v
ALLOWED_HOSTS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^ALLOWED_HOSTS = ['*']$/;"	v
APIView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from rest_framework.views import APIView$/;"	i
AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = ($/;"	v
AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = ($/;"	v
AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS = [$/;"	v
AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS = [$/;"	v
AUTH_USER_MODEL	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from oscar.core.compat import AUTH_USER_MODEL$/;"	i
AbstractPromotion	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from oscar.apps.promotions.models import AbstractPromotion$/;"	i
AbstractPromotion	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^from oscar.apps.promotions.models import AbstractPromotion$/;"	i
AdminapiConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/apps.py	/^class AdminapiConfig(AppConfig):$/;"	c
AppConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/apps.py	/^from django.apps import AppConfig$/;"	i
AppConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/config.py	/^from django.apps import AppConfig$/;"	i
AppConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/config.py	/^from django.apps import AppConfig$/;"	i
AppConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/config.py	/^from django.apps import AppConfig$/;"	i
AppNotFoundError	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import AppNotFoundError, get_class$/;"	i
AppUser	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/models.py	/^class AppUser(models.Model):$/;"	c
AppUser	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from AdminAPI.models import AppUser$/;"	i
AppUser	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from AdminAPI.models import AppUser$/;"	i
AppearanceApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^class AppearanceApplication(DashboardApplication):$/;"	c
AppearanceConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/config.py	/^class AppearanceConfig(AppConfig):$/;"	c
AppearanceDashboardConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/config.py	/^class AppearanceDashboardConfig(AppConfig):$/;"	c
AppearanceForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^class AppearanceForm(forms.ModelForm):$/;"	c
AppearanceSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^class AppearanceSettings(models.Model):$/;"	c
AppearanceSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/admin.py	/^AppearanceSettings = get_model('appearance', 'AppearanceSettings')$/;"	v
AppearanceSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/context_processor.py	/^AppearanceSettings = get_model('appearance', 'AppearanceSettings')$/;"	v
AppearanceSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^AppearanceSettings = get_model('appearance', 'AppearanceSettings')$/;"	v
AppearanceSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/models.py	/^    class AppearanceSettings(AppearanceSettings):$/;"	c
AppearanceSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^AppearanceSettings = get_model('appearance', 'AppearanceSettings')$/;"	v
AppearanceSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^AppearanceSettings = get_model('appearance', 'AppearanceSettings')$/;"	v
AppearanceUpdateForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^class AppearanceUpdateForm(forms.ModelForm):$/;"	c
AppearanceView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class AppearanceView(generic.UpdateView):$/;"	c
Application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^from oscar.core.application import Application$/;"	i
AuthenticationForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^from django.contrib.auth.forms import AuthenticationForm$/;"	i
Avg	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from django.db.models import Avg, Count, Sum$/;"	i
BASE_DIR	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^BASE_DIR = os.path.dirname(os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__)))$/;"	v
BASE_DIR	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^BASE_DIR = os.path.dirname(os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__)))$/;"	v
Basket	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^Basket = get_model('basket', 'Basket')$/;"	v
ChangeOrderStatusView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^class ChangeOrderStatusView(generics.UpdateAPIView):$/;"	c
CheckoutApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/app.py	/^from oscar.apps.checkout.app import CheckoutApplication$/;"	i
Closing_time	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    Closing_time = models.TimeField(blank=True,null=True)$/;"	v	class:DayTimings
ConditionalOffer	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^ConditionalOffer = get_model('offer', 'ConditionalOffer')$/;"	v
ContentType	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.contrib.contenttypes.models import ContentType$/;"	i
CorePaymentDetailsView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from oscar.apps.checkout.views import PaymentDetailsView as CorePaymentDetailsView$/;"	i
Count	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.db.models import Count$/;"	i
Count	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from django.db.models import Avg, Count, Sum$/;"	i
CreateAutomaticProductListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateAutomaticProductListView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateEventBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateEventBlockView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateEventSliderBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateEventSliderBlockView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateHandPickedProductListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateHandPickedProductListView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateImageBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateImageBlockView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateImageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateImageView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateMapBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateMapBlockView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateMultiImageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateMultiImageView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateRawHTMLView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateRawHTMLView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateRedirectView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateRedirectView(generic.RedirectView):$/;"	c
CreateSingleProductView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateSingleProductView(CreateView):$/;"	c
CreateView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class CreateView(PromotionMixin, generic.CreateView):$/;"	c
D	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from decimal import Decimal as D$/;"	i
DATABASES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^DATABASES = {$/;"	v
DATABASES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^DATABASES = {$/;"	v
DAY_CHOICES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    DAY_CHOICES = ($/;"	v	class:DayTimings
DEBUG	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^DEBUG = True$/;"	v
DEBUG	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^DEBUG = True$/;"	v
DashboardApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^class DashboardApplication(BaseDashboardApplication):$/;"	c
DashboardApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^from oscar.core.application import DashboardApplication$/;"	i
DashboardApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^from oscar.core.application import DashboardApplication$/;"	i
DashboardConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/config.py	/^class DashboardConfig(AppConfig):$/;"	c
DashboardTable	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^class DashboardTable(Table):$/;"	c
DayTimings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^class DayTimings(models.Model):$/;"	c
DayTimings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^DayTimings = get_model('appearance', 'DayTimings')$/;"	v
DayTimings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/models.py	/^    class DayTimings(DayTimings):$/;"	c
DayTimings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^DayTimings = get_model('appearance', 'DayTimings')$/;"	v
DayTimings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^DayTimings = get_model('appearance', 'DayTimings')$/;"	v
DayTimings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^DayTimings = get_model('appearance', 'DayTimings')$/;"	v
DayTimingsForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^class DayTimingsForm(forms.ModelForm):$/;"	c
DeleteAutomaticProductListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteAutomaticProductListView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteEventBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteEventBlockView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteEventSliderBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteEventSliderBlockView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteHandPickedProductListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteHandPickedProductListView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteImageBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteImageBlockView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteImageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteImageView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteMapBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteMapBlockView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteMultiImageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteMultiImageView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeletePagePromotionView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeletePagePromotionView(generic.DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteRawHTMLView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteRawHTMLView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteSingleProductView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteSingleProductView(DeleteView):$/;"	c
DeleteView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class DeleteView(generic.DeleteView):$/;"	c
EMAIL_BACKEND	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^EMAIL_BACKEND = 'django.core.mail.backends.console.EmailBackend'$/;"	v
EMAIL_BACKEND	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^EMAIL_BACKEND = 'django.core.mail.backends.smtp.EmailBackend'$/;"	v
EMAIL_HOST	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^EMAIL_HOST = 'smtp.gmail.com'$/;"	v
EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = 'qowfuhjgzkvshkqe'$/;"	v
EMAIL_HOST_USER	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^EMAIL_HOST_USER = 'instacuisines@gmail.com'$/;"	v
EMAIL_PORT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^EMAIL_PORT = 587$/;"	v
EMAIL_USE_TLS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^EMAIL_USE_TLS = True$/;"	v
EventBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/conf.py	/^EventBlock = get_class('forked_apps.promotions.models','EventBlock')$/;"	v
EventBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^class EventBlock(AbstractPromotion):$/;"	c
EventDataForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^class EventDataForm(forms.ModelForm):$/;"	c
EventSliderBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/conf.py	/^EventSliderBlock = get_class('forked_apps.promotions.models','EventSliderBlock')$/;"	v
EventSliderBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^class EventSliderBlock(AbstractPromotion):$/;"	c
ExpressDashboardApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^class ExpressDashboardApplication(Application):$/;"	c
ExtendedURLField	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from oscar.forms.fields import ExtendedURLField$/;"	i
FCMNotification	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from pyfcm import FCMNotification$/;"	i
Facade	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^class Facade(object):$/;"	c
Facade	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from oscar_stripe.facade import Facade$/;"	i
GetOrderDetails	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^class GetOrderDetails(APIView):$/;"	c
HAYSTACK_CONNECTIONS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^HAYSTACK_CONNECTIONS = {$/;"	v
HAYSTACK_CONNECTIONS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^HAYSTACK_CONNECTIONS = {$/;"	v
Http404	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from django.http import Http404$/;"	i
HttpResponse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.http import HttpResponse$/;"	i
HttpResponse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.shortcuts import HttpResponse$/;"	i
HttpResponseRedirect	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.http import HttpResponseRedirect$/;"	i
HttpResponseRedirect	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.http import HttpResponseRedirect$/;"	i
HttpResponseRedirect	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.http import HttpResponseRedirect$/;"	i
INSTALLED_APPS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^INSTALLED_APPS = [$/;"	v
INSTALLED_APPS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^INSTALLED_APPS = [$/;"	v
ImageBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/conf.py	/^ImageBlock = get_class('forked_apps.promotions.models','ImageBlock')$/;"	v
ImageBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^class ImageBlock(AbstractPromotion):$/;"	c
ImproperlyConfigured	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/menu.py	/^from django.core.exceptions import ImproperlyConfigured$/;"	i
ImproperlyConfigured	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from django.core.exceptions import ImproperlyConfigured$/;"	i
IndexView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^class IndexView(updatedCheckoutMixin, generic.FormView):$/;"	c
IndexView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^class IndexView(TemplateView):$/;"	c
InvalidGatewayRequestError	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^from oscar.apps.payment.exceptions import UnableToTakePayment, InvalidGatewayRequestError$/;"	i
LANGUAGE_CODE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^LANGUAGE_CODE = 'en-us'$/;"	v
LANGUAGE_CODE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^LANGUAGE_CODE = 'en-us'$/;"	v
Line	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^Line = get_model('order', 'Line')$/;"	v
ListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.views.generic import ListView$/;"	i
ListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class ListView(generic.TemplateView):$/;"	c
LocationCreateView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class LocationCreateView(generic.CreateView):$/;"	c
LocationDeleteView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class LocationDeleteView(generic.DeleteView):$/;"	c
LocationListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class LocationListView(generic.ListView):$/;"	c
LocationManageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class LocationManageView(generic.UpdateView):$/;"	c
LocationSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^class LocationSettings(models.Model):$/;"	c
LocationSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/models.py	/^    class LocationSettings(LocationSettings):$/;"	c
LocationSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^LocationSettings = get_model('appearance','LocationSettings')$/;"	v
LocationSettings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^LocationSettings = get_model('appearance','LocationSettings')$/;"	v
MEDIA_ROOT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^MEDIA_ROOT = location('uploads')$/;"	v
MEDIA_ROOT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^MEDIA_ROOT = location('uploads')$/;"	v
MEDIA_URL	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^MEDIA_URL = '\/uploads\/'$/;"	v
MEDIA_URL	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^MEDIA_URL = '\/uploads\/'$/;"	v
MIDDLEWARE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^MIDDLEWARE = [$/;"	v
MIDDLEWARE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^MIDDLEWARE = [$/;"	v
MapBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^MapBlock = get_model('promotions','MapBlock')$/;"	v
MapBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/context_processor.py	/^MapBlock = get_model('promotions','MapBlock')$/;"	v
MapBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/conf.py	/^MapBlock = get_class('forked_apps.promotions.models','MapBlock')$/;"	v
MapBlock	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^class MapBlock(AbstractPromotion):$/;"	c
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/serializers.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:OrderStatusSerializer
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:AppearanceSettings
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:DayTimings
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:LocationSettings
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:AppearanceForm
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:DayTimingsForm
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:AppearanceUpdateForm
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:TimingCreateForm
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:EventDataForm
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:DashboardTable
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:EventBlock
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:EventSliderBlock
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:ImageBlock
Meta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    class Meta:$/;"	c	class:MapBlock
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
Migration	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^class Migration(migrations.Migration):$/;"	c
NoReverseMatch	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import NoReverseMatch, resolve, reverse$/;"	i
Node	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/menu.py	/^Node = get_class('dashboard.nav', 'Node')$/;"	v
Node	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^class Node(object):$/;"	c
OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_CHECKOUT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_CHECKOUT=True$/;"	v
OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_CHECKOUT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_CHECKOUT=True$/;"	v
OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_REVIEWS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_REVIEWS=False$/;"	v
OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_REVIEWS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_ALLOW_ANON_REVIEWS=False$/;"	v
OSCAR_INITIAL_LINE_STATUS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_INITIAL_LINE_STATUS = 'Pending'$/;"	v
OSCAR_INITIAL_LINE_STATUS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_INITIAL_LINE_STATUS = 'Pending'$/;"	v
OSCAR_INITIAL_ORDER_STATUS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_INITIAL_ORDER_STATUS = 'Pending'$/;"	v
OSCAR_INITIAL_ORDER_STATUS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_INITIAL_ORDER_STATUS = 'Pending'$/;"	v
OSCAR_MAIN_TEMPLATE_DIR	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^from oscar import OSCAR_MAIN_TEMPLATE_DIR$/;"	i
OSCAR_MAIN_TEMPLATE_DIR	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^from oscar import OSCAR_MAIN_TEMPLATE_DIR$/;"	i
OSCAR_MODERATE_REVIEWS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_MODERATE_REVIEWS=True$/;"	v
OSCAR_MODERATE_REVIEWS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_MODERATE_REVIEWS=True$/;"	v
OSCAR_ORDER_STATUS_PIPELINE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_ORDER_STATUS_PIPELINE = {$/;"	v
OSCAR_ORDER_STATUS_PIPELINE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_ORDER_STATUS_PIPELINE = {$/;"	v
OSCAR_PROMOTION_POSITIONS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_PROMOTION_POSITIONS = (('page', 'Page'),)$/;"	v
OSCAR_PROMOTION_POSITIONS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_PROMOTION_POSITIONS = (('page', 'Page'),)$/;"	v
OSCAR_SHOP_NAME	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^OSCAR_SHOP_NAME="Pathiri"$/;"	v
OSCAR_SHOP_NAME	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^OSCAR_SHOP_NAME="Pathiri"$/;"	v
ObjectDoesNotExist	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^from django.core.exceptions import ObjectDoesNotExist$/;"	i
Opening_time	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    Opening_time = models.TimeField(blank=True,null=True)$/;"	v	class:DayTimings
Order	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/serializers.py	/^Order = get_model('order', 'Order')$/;"	v
Order	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^Order = get_model('order', 'Order')$/;"	v
Order	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^Order = get_model('order', 'Order')$/;"	v
Order	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^Order = apps.get_model('order', 'Order')$/;"	v
OrderLine	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^OrderLine = get_model('order', 'Line')$/;"	v
OrderLineAttribute	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^OrderLineAttribute = get_model('order', 'LineAttribute')$/;"	v
OrderList	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^class OrderList(generics.ListAPIView):$/;"	c
OrderPageNumberClass	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^class OrderPageNumberClass(PageNumberPagination):$/;"	c
OrderSerializer	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from oscarapi.serializers.checkout import OrderSerializer$/;"	i
OrderStatusSerializer	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/serializers.py	/^class OrderStatusSerializer(ModelSerializer):$/;"	c
OrderStatusSerializer	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from .serializers import OrderStatusSerializer$/;"	i
OscarPaymentDetailsView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from oscar.apps.checkout.views import PaymentDetailsView as OscarPaymentDetailsView$/;"	i
OverriddenCheckoutApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/app.py	/^class OverriddenCheckoutApplication(CheckoutApplication):$/;"	c
PAYMENT_EVENT_PURCHASE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/__init__.py	/^PAYMENT_EVENT_PURCHASE = 'Purchase'$/;"	v
PAYMENT_EVENT_PURCHASE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from . import PAYMENT_METHOD_STRIPE, PAYMENT_EVENT_PURCHASE, STRIPE_EMAIL, STRIPE_TOKEN$/;"	i
PAYMENT_METHOD_STRIPE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/__init__.py	/^PAYMENT_METHOD_STRIPE = 'Stripe'$/;"	v
PAYMENT_METHOD_STRIPE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from . import PAYMENT_METHOD_STRIPE, PAYMENT_EVENT_PURCHASE, STRIPE_EMAIL, STRIPE_TOKEN$/;"	i
PROMOTION_CLASSES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^from forked_apps.promotions.conf import PROMOTION_CLASSES$/;"	i
PROMOTION_CLASSES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from forked_apps.promotions.conf import PROMOTION_CLASSES$/;"	i
PROMOTION_CLASSES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from forked_apps.promotions.conf import PROMOTION_CLASSES$/;"	i
PROMOTION_CLASSES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/conf.py	/^PROMOTION_CLASSES = get_promotion_classes()$/;"	v
PageDetailView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class PageDetailView(generic.TemplateView):$/;"	c
PageListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class PageListView(generic.TemplateView):$/;"	c
PaymentDetailsView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^class PaymentDetailsView(OscarPaymentDetailsView):$/;"	c
PaymentDetailsView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^class PaymentDetailsView(CorePaymentDetailsView):$/;"	c
Product	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^Product = get_model('catalogue', 'Product')$/;"	v
ProductSelect	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^ProductSelect = get_class('dashboard.catalogue.widgets', 'ProductSelect')$/;"	v
PromotionMixin	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class PromotionMixin(object):$/;"	c
PromotionTypeSelectForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^class PromotionTypeSelectForm(forms.Form):$/;"	c
PromotionsConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/config.py	/^class PromotionsConfig(config.PromotionsConfig):$/;"	c
PromotionsDashboardApplication	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^class PromotionsDashboardApplication(DashboardApplication):$/;"	c
PromotionsDashboardConfig	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/config.py	/^class PromotionsDashboardConfig(config.PromotionsDashboardConfig):$/;"	c
Q	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^from django.db.models import Q$/;"	i
ROOT_URLCONF	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^ROOT_URLCONF = 'frobshop.urls'$/;"	v
ROOT_URLCONF	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^ROOT_URLCONF = 'frobshop.urls'$/;"	v
ROUND_UP	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from decimal import ROUND_UP$/;"	i
Repository	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^Repository = get_class('shipping.repository', 'Repository')$/;"	v
Response	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from rest_framework.response import Response$/;"	i
RestaurantOrders	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^class RestaurantOrders(generics.ListAPIView):$/;"	c
SETT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^from django.conf import settings as SETT$/;"	i
SITE_ID	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^SITE_ID = 1$/;"	v
SITE_ID	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^SITE_ID = 1$/;"	v
STATICFILES_DIRS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^STATICFILES_DIRS = ($/;"	v
STATICFILES_DIRS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^STATICFILES_DIRS = ($/;"	v
STATICFILES_FINDERS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^STATICFILES_FINDERS = ($/;"	v
STATICFILES_FINDERS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^STATICFILES_FINDERS = ($/;"	v
STATIC_ROOT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^STATIC_ROOT = ''$/;"	v
STATIC_ROOT	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^STATIC_ROOT = ''$/;"	v
STATIC_URL	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^STATIC_URL = '\/static\/'$/;"	v
STATIC_URL	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^STATIC_URL = '\/static\/'$/;"	v
STRIPE_CURRENCY	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^STRIPE_CURRENCY = 'GBP'$/;"	v
STRIPE_CURRENCY	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^STRIPE_CURRENCY = 'GBP'$/;"	v
STRIPE_EMAIL	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/__init__.py	/^STRIPE_EMAIL = 'stripeEmail'$/;"	v
STRIPE_EMAIL	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from . import PAYMENT_METHOD_STRIPE, PAYMENT_EVENT_PURCHASE, STRIPE_EMAIL, STRIPE_TOKEN$/;"	i
STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY = 'pk_test_oQ2G2ZvDa4wjPxX28gw49ehs'$/;"	v
STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY = 'pk_live_aWwmEE5XFym6pSxv69EwyM3V'$/;"	v
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^STRIPE_SECRET_KEY = 'sk_test_NGhtI5KEe4FzRyS1Y4ndsdLI'$/;"	v
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^STRIPE_SECRET_KEY = 'sk_live_3Esr9kwVfNNSHzjGsJfDyEra'$/;"	v
STRIPE_TOKEN	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/__init__.py	/^STRIPE_TOKEN = 'stripeToken'$/;"	v
STRIPE_TOKEN	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from . import PAYMENT_METHOD_STRIPE, PAYMENT_EVENT_PURCHASE, STRIPE_EMAIL, STRIPE_TOKEN$/;"	i
ShippingMethodView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^class ShippingMethodView(updatedCheckoutMixin, generic.FormView):$/;"	c
Source	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^Source = apps.get_model('payment', 'Source')$/;"	v
Source	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^Source = apps.get_model('payment', 'Source')$/;"	v
SourceType	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^SourceType = apps.get_model('payment', 'SourceType')$/;"	v
StockAlert	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^StockAlert = get_model('partner', 'StockAlert')$/;"	v
StripeTokenForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/forms.py	/^class StripeTokenForm(forms.Form):$/;"	c
Sum	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from django.db.models import Avg, Count, Sum$/;"	i
TEMPLATES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^TEMPLATES = [$/;"	v
TEMPLATES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^TEMPLATES = [$/;"	v
THEME	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^from frobshop.theme import THEME$/;"	i
THEME	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^from frobshop.theme import THEME$/;"	i
THEME	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/theme.py	/^THEME='default'/;"	v
THEME_CHOICES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    THEME_CHOICES = ($/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings
TIME_ZONE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^TIME_ZONE = 'Asia\/Kolkata'$/;"	v
TIME_ZONE	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^TIME_ZONE = 'UTC'$/;"	v
Table	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^from django_tables2 import Table$/;"	i
TemplateView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from django.views.generic import TemplateView$/;"	i
TestCase	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/tests.py	/^from django.test import TestCase$/;"	i
TimePickerInput	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^from oscar.forms.widgets import TimePickerInput$/;"	i
TimingCreateForm	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^class TimingCreateForm(forms.ModelForm):$/;"	c
TimingCreateView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class TimingCreateView(generic.CreateView):$/;"	c
TimingDeleteView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class TimingDeleteView(generic.DeleteView):$/;"	c
TimingListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class TimingListView(generic.ListView):$/;"	c
TimingManageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^class TimingManageView(generic.UpdateView):$/;"	c
TransactionDetailView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^class TransactionDetailView(generic.DetailView):$/;"	c
TransactionListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^class TransactionListView(generic.ListView):$/;"	c
URLDoesNotExistValidator	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^from oscar.core.validators import URLDoesNotExistValidator$/;"	i
URLDoesNotExistValidator	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from oscar.core.validators import URLDoesNotExistValidator$/;"	i
USE_I18N	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^USE_I18N = True$/;"	v
USE_I18N	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^USE_I18N = True$/;"	v
USE_L10N	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^USE_L10N = True$/;"	v
USE_L10N	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^USE_L10N = True$/;"	v
USE_LESS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^USE_LESS=False$/;"	v
USE_LESS	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^USE_LESS=False$/;"	v
USE_TZ	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^USE_TZ = True$/;"	v
USE_TZ	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^USE_TZ = True$/;"	v
UnableToTakePayment	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^from oscar.apps.payment.exceptions import UnableToTakePayment, InvalidGatewayRequestError$/;"	i
UpdateAutomaticProductListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateAutomaticProductListView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateEventBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateEventBlockView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateEventSliderBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateEventSliderBlockView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateHandPickedProductListView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateHandPickedProductListView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateImageBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateImageBlockView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateImageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateImageView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateMapBlockView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateMapBlockView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateMultiImageView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateMultiImageView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateRawHTMLView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateRawHTMLView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateSingleProductView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateSingleProductView(UpdateView):$/;"	c
UpdateView	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^class UpdateView(PromotionMixin, generic.UpdateView):$/;"	c
User	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/models.py	/^from django.contrib.auth.models import User$/;"	i
User	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.contrib.auth.models import User$/;"	i
User	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^User = get_user_model()$/;"	v
ValidationError	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.core.exceptions import ValidationError$/;"	i
Voucher	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^Voucher = get_model('voucher', 'Voucher')$/;"	v
WSGI_APPLICATION	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^WSGI_APPLICATION = 'frobshop.wsgi.application'$/;"	v
WSGI_APPLICATION	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^WSGI_APPLICATION = 'frobshop.wsgi.application'$/;"	v
ZERO_DECIMAL_CURRENCIES	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^ZERO_DECIMAL_CURRENCIES = ($/;"	v
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/config.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/config.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/config.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
_	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _$/;"	i
__all__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/models.py	/^__all__ = []$/;"	v
__init__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^    def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:TimingCreateForm
__init__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^    def __init__(self, label, url_name=None, url_args=None, url_kwargs=None,$/;"	m	class:Node
__init__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^    def __init__(self):$/;"	m	class:Facade
__str__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:AppearanceSettings	file:
__str__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:DayTimings	file:
__str__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:LocationSettings	file:
__str__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:EventBlock	file:
__str__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:EventSliderBlock	file:
__str__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:ImageBlock	file:
__str__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:MapBlock	file:
__unicode__	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/models.py	/^    def __unicode__(self):$/;"	m	class:AppUser	file:
_save_page_order	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def _save_page_order(self, data):$/;"	m	class:PageDetailView
_type	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    _type = "Image Text Block"$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
abstract	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        abstract = True$/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings.Meta
abstract	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        abstract = True$/;"	v	class:DayTimings.Meta
abstract	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        abstract = True$/;"	v	class:LocationSettings.Meta
actions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    actions = ('add_to_page', 'remove_from_page')$/;"	v	class:UpdateView
add_child	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^    def add_child(self, node):$/;"	m	class:Node
add_to_page	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def add_to_page(self, promotion, request, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:UpdateView
address	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    address = models.TextField(_("Address"), max_length=256, blank=True, null=True)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
admin	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/admin.py	/^from django.contrib import admin$/;"	i
admin	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/admin.py	/^from django.contrib import admin$/;"	i
admin	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^from django.contrib import admin$/;"	i
alignment	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    alignment = models.CharField(_("Alignment"),max_length=128,$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
api	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^from oscarapi.app import application as api$/;"	i
api_key	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    api_key="AIzaSyCanc2hogpZs-B3rbdRGk0jVwGt3jYx6MU")$/;"	v
api_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from rest_framework.decorators import api_view$/;"	i
app_label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        app_label = 'appearance'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings.Meta
app_label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        app_label = 'appearance'$/;"	v	class:DayTimings.Meta
app_label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        app_label = 'appearance'$/;"	v	class:LocationSettings.Meta
app_label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        app_label = 'promotions'$/;"	v	class:EventBlock.Meta
app_label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        app_label = 'promotions'$/;"	v	class:EventSliderBlock.Meta
app_label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        app_label = 'promotions'$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock.Meta
app_label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        app_label = 'promotions'$/;"	v	class:MapBlock.Meta
appearance_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    appearance_app = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.app','application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/app.py	/^application = OverriddenCheckoutApplication()$/;"	v
application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^application = DashboardApplication()$/;"	v
application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^application = AppearanceApplication()$/;"	v
application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^application = PromotionsDashboardApplication()$/;"	v
application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^from oscar.app import application$/;"	i
application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/wsgi.py	/^application = get_wsgi_application()$/;"	v
application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^application = ExpressDashboardApplication()$/;"	v
apps	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^from django.apps import apps$/;"	i
apps	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from django.apps import apps$/;"	i
attrs	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^        attrs = {'class': 'table table-striped table-bordered'}$/;"	v	class:DashboardTable.Meta
auth_views	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^from django.contrib.auth import views as auth_views$/;"	i
authenticate	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.contrib.auth import authenticate$/;"	i
auto_created	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^                                                                   auto_created=True,$/;"	v	class:Migration
bases	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            bases=('promotions.handpickedproductlist',),$/;"	v	class:Migration
bases	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            bases=(models.Model,),$/;"	v	class:Migration
basketItem	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^basketItem = get_model('basket', 'Line')$/;"	v
caption	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^    caption = ungettext_lazy('%d Row', '%d Rows')$/;"	v	class:DashboardTable
capture	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^    def capture(self, order_number, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:Facade
catalogue_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    catalogue_app = get_class('dashboard.catalogue.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
charge	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^    def charge(self,$/;"	m	class:Facade
check_location_is_in_deliverable_locations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^    def check_location_is_in_deliverable_locations(self, request):$/;"	m	class:updatedCheckoutMixin
check_minimum_amount	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^    def check_minimum_amount(self,request):$/;"	m	class:updatedCheckoutMixin
check_permissions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from oscar.views.decorators import check_permissions$/;"	i
check_working_time	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^    def check_working_time(self, request):$/;"	m	class:updatedCheckoutMixin
choices	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^    choices = []$/;"	v	class:PromotionTypeSelectForm
choices	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^                                    choices=ALIGNMENT_CHOICES)$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
comms_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    comms_app = get_class('dashboard.communications.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
config	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/config.py	/^from oscar.apps.dashboard.promotions import config$/;"	i
config	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/config.py	/^from oscar.apps.promotions import config$/;"	i
context_object_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    context_object_name = 'days'$/;"	v	class:TimingListView
context_object_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    context_object_name = 'location'$/;"	v	class:LocationDeleteView
context_object_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    context_object_name = 'location'$/;"	v	class:LocationListView
context_object_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    context_object_name = 'timing'$/;"	v	class:TimingDeleteView
context_object_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^    context_object_name = 'transactions'$/;"	v	class:TransactionListView
context_object_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^    context_object_name = 'txn'$/;"	v	class:TransactionDetailView
create_menu	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/menu.py	/^def create_menu(menu_items, parent=None):$/;"	f
create_redirect_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    create_redirect_view = get_class('dashboard.promotions.views',$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
create_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    create_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'TimingCreateView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
csrf	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.template.context_processors import csrf$/;"	i
csrf_exempt	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.views.decorators.csrf import csrf_exempt$/;"	i
csrf_exempt	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from django.views.decorators.csrf import csrf_exempt$/;"	i
date_created	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    date_created = models.DateTimeField($/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings
datetime	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^import datetime$/;"	i
day	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    day = models.CharField(_('Day'),$/;"	v	class:DayTimings
db	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^import django.db.models.deletion$/;"	i
default_access_fn	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^def default_access_fn(user, url_name, url_args=None, url_kwargs=None):$/;"	f
default_app_config	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/__init__.py	/^default_app_config = 'forked_apps.appearance.config.AppearanceConfig'$/;"	v
default_app_config	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/__init__.py	/^default_app_config = 'oscar.apps.dashboard.config.DashboardConfig'$/;"	v
default_app_config	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/__init__.py	/^default_app_config = 'forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.config.AppearanceDashboardConfig'$/;"	v
default_app_config	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/__init__.py	/^default_app_config = 'forked_apps.dashboard.promotions.config.PromotionsDashboardConfig'$/;"	v
default_app_config	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/__init__.py	/^default_app_config = 'forked_apps.promotions.config.PromotionsConfig'$/;"	v
default_permissions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        default_permissions = ()$/;"	v	class:LocationSettings.Meta
default_permissions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    default_permissions = ['is_staff', ]$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
default_permissions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    default_permissions = ['is_staff', ]$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
delete_page_promotion_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    delete_page_promotion_view = get_class('dashboard.promotions.views',$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
delete_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    delete_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'TimingDeleteView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
deletion	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^import django.db.models.deletion$/;"	i
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
dependencies	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^    dependencies = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
description	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    description = models.TextField(_("Event Description"), $/;"	v	class:EventBlock
description	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    description = models.TextField(_('Description'),blank=True)$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
detail_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^    detail_view = views.TransactionDetailView$/;"	v	class:ExpressDashboardApplication
dispatch	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^    def dispatch(self, request, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PaymentDetailsView
django	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^import django.db.models.deletion$/;"	i
django	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/manage.py	/^            import django$/;"	i
document_root	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^                             document_root=settings.MEDIA_ROOT)$/;"	v
email	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    email = models.CharField(_("Email Address"), max_length=64, blank=True, null=True)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
end_date	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    end_date = models.DateField($/;"	v	class:EventBlock
event_date	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    event_date = models.DateField(blank=True, null=True)$/;"	v	class:EventBlock
events	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    events = models.ManyToManyField($/;"	v	class:EventSliderBlock
execute_from_command_line	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/manage.py	/^        from django.core.management import execute_from_command_line$/;"	i
field	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            field=models.ForeignKey(verbose_name='List', to='promotions.HandPickedProductList', on_delete=models.CASCADE),$/;"	v	class:Migration
field	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            field=models.ForeignKey(verbose_name='Product', to='catalogue.Product', on_delete=models.CASCADE),$/;"	v	class:Migration
field	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            field=models.ForeignKey(verbose_name='Tabbed Block', related_name='tabs', to='promotions.TabbedBlock', on_delete=models.CASCADE),$/;"	v	class:Migration
field	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            field=models.ManyToManyField(through='promotions.OrderedProduct', blank=True, verbose_name='Products', to='catalogue.Product', null=True),$/;"	v	class:Migration
field	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^            field=models.ManyToManyField(help_text='Choose the Image content blocks that this block will use. (You may need to create some first).', to='promotions.Image', blank=True),$/;"	v	class:Migration
field	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^            field=models.ManyToManyField(to='catalogue.Product', verbose_name='Products', through='promotions.OrderedProduct', blank=True),$/;"	v	class:Migration
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            fields=[$/;"	v	class:Migration
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/serializers.py	/^        fields = [$/;"	v	class:OrderStatusSerializer.Meta
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^        fields = '__all__'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceForm.Meta
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^        fields = '__all__'$/;"	v	class:DayTimingsForm.Meta
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            fields=[$/;"	v	class:Migration
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^            fields=[$/;"	v	class:Migration
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^        fields = '__all__'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceUpdateForm.Meta
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^        fields = '__all__'$/;"	v	class:TimingCreateForm.Meta
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    fields = '__all__'$/;"	v	class:LocationCreateView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    fields = '__all__'$/;"	v	class:LocationManageView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^        fields = [$/;"	v	class:EventDataForm.Meta
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = [$/;"	v	class:CreateEventSliderBlockView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = [$/;"	v	class:CreateMapBlockView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = [$/;"	v	class:UpdateEventSliderBlockView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = [$/;"	v	class:UpdateMapBlockView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name', 'description', 'link_url', 'link_text', 'method',$/;"	v	class:CreateAutomaticProductListView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name', 'description', 'link_url', 'link_text', 'method',$/;"	v	class:UpdateAutomaticProductListView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name', 'images']$/;"	v	class:UpdateMultiImageView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name', 'link_url', 'image']$/;"	v	class:CreateImageView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name', 'link_url', 'image']$/;"	v	class:UpdateImageView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name','image','heading',$/;"	v	class:CreateImageBlockView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name','image','heading',$/;"	v	class:UpdateImageBlockView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    fields = ['name']$/;"	v	class:CreateMultiImageView
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            fields=[$/;"	v	class:Migration
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^import oscar.models.fields$/;"	i
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^            fields=[$/;"	v	class:Migration
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^            fields=[$/;"	v	class:Migration
fields	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^            fields=[$/;"	v	class:Migration
filter	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^    def filter(self, user):$/;"	m	class:Node
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    form_class = GatewayForm$/;"	v	class:IndexView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    form_class = ShippingMethodForm$/;"	v	class:ShippingMethodView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    form_class = forms.AppearanceUpdateForm$/;"	v	class:AppearanceView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    form_class = forms.TimingCreateForm$/;"	v	class:TimingCreateView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    form_class = forms.TimingCreateForm$/;"	v	class:TimingManageView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = EventDataForm$/;"	v	class:CreateEventBlockView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = EventDataForm$/;"	v	class:UpdateEventBlockView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = HandPickedProductListForm$/;"	v	class:CreateHandPickedProductListView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = HandPickedProductListForm$/;"	v	class:UpdateHandPickedProductListView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = RawHTMLForm$/;"	v	class:CreateRawHTMLView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = RawHTMLForm$/;"	v	class:UpdateRawHTMLView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = SingleProductForm$/;"	v	class:CreateSingleProductView
form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    form_class = SingleProductForm$/;"	v	class:UpdateSingleProductView
form_invalid	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def form_invalid(self, form):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
form_valid	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def form_valid(self, form):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
form_valid	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def form_valid(self, form):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
form_valid	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def form_valid(self, form):$/;"	m	class:CreateHandPickedProductListView
form_valid	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def form_valid(self, form):$/;"	m	class:UpdateHandPickedProductListView
forms	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^from django import forms$/;"	i
forms	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^from django import forms$/;"	i
forms	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from forked_apps.dashboard.appearance import forms$/;"	i
forms	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from django import forms$/;"	i
forms	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/forms.py	/^from django import forms$/;"	i
forms	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from . import forms$/;"	i
full_attr_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^            full_attr_name = attr_name % klass.classname()$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
full_view_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^            full_view_name = view_name % klass.__name__$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
fullday	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    fullday = models.BooleanField(default=False)$/;"	v	class:DayTimings
generic	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from django.views import generic$/;"	i
generic	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.views import generic$/;"	i
generic	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.views import generic$/;"	i
generic	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^from django.views import generic$/;"	i
generics	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from rest_framework import generics$/;"	i
get	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    def get(self, request, format=None):$/;"	m	class:GetOrderDetails
get	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get(self, request, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get(self, request, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
get_active_site_offers	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_active_site_offers(self):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_active_vouchers	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_active_vouchers(self):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_available_shipping_methods	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get_available_shipping_methods(self):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
get_caption_display	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^    def get_caption_display(self):$/;"	m	class:DashboardTable
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import  get_model,get_class$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class, get_classes, get_model$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model, get_class$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/menu.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import AppNotFoundError, get_class$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class, get_classes$/;"	i
get_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/conf.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class$/;"	i
get_classes	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class, get_classes, get_model$/;"	i
get_classes	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class, get_classes$/;"	i
get_classes	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_classes$/;"	i
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:LocationCreateView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:TimingCreateView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self):$/;"	m	class:ListView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:CreateHandPickedProductListView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:UpdateHandPickedProductListView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:CreateView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PageDetailView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PageListView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:UpdateView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:TransactionDetailView
get_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^    def get_context_data(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PaymentDetailsView
get_core_apps	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^from oscar import get_core_apps$/;"	i
get_core_apps	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^from oscar import get_core_apps$/;"	i
get_form_kwargs	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get_form_kwargs(self):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_form_kwargs	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get_form_kwargs(self):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
get_friendly_decline_message	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^    def get_friendly_decline_message(error):$/;"	m	class:Facade
get_friendly_error_message	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^    def get_friendly_error_message(error):$/;"	m	class:Facade
get_heading	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_heading(self):$/;"	m	class:CreateView
get_hourly_report	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_hourly_report(self, hours=24, segments=10):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/serializers.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/admin.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/context_processor.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import  get_model,get_class$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_class, get_classes, get_model$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model, get_class$/;"	i
get_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import get_model$/;"	i
get_nodes	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/menu.py	/^def get_nodes(user):$/;"	f
get_number_of_promotions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_number_of_promotions(self, abstract_base=AbstractPromotion):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_object	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_object(self, queryset=None):$/;"	m	class:AppearanceView
get_open_baskets	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_open_baskets(self, filters=None):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_positions_context_data	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_positions_context_data(self, path):$/;"	m	class:PageDetailView
get_promotion_classes	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/conf.py	/^def get_promotion_classes():$/;"	f
get_queryset	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    def get_queryset(self):$/;"	m	class:OrderList
get_queryset	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    def get_queryset(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:RestaurantOrders
get_redirect_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_redirect_url(self, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:CreateRedirectView
get_stats	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_stats(self):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_success_response	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get_success_response(self):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_success_response	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def get_success_response(self):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:AppearanceView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:LocationCreateView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:LocationDeleteView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:TimingCreateView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:TimingDeleteView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:CreateView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:DeletePagePromotionView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:DeleteView
get_success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_success_url(self):$/;"	m	class:UpdateView
get_template_names	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def get_template_names(self):$/;"	m	class:PromotionMixin
get_template_names	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^    def get_template_names(self):$/;"	m	class:IndexView
get_theme	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/context_processor.py	/^def get_theme(request):$/;"	f
get_url_decorator	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^    def get_url_decorator(self, url_name):$/;"	m	class:ExpressDashboardApplication
get_urls	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    def get_urls(self):$/;"	m	class:DashboardApplication
get_urls	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    def get_urls(self):$/;"	m	class:AppearanceApplication
get_urls	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    def get_urls(self):$/;"	m	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
get_urls	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^    def get_urls(self):$/;"	m	class:ExpressDashboardApplication
get_user_model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from oscar.core.compat import get_user_model$/;"	i
get_wsgi_application	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/wsgi.py	/^from django.core.wsgi import get_wsgi_application$/;"	i
handle_payment	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^    def handle_payment(self, order_number, total, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PaymentDetailsView
has_children	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^    def has_children(self):$/;"	m	class:Node
hashlib	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^import hashlib$/;"	i
heading	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    heading = models.CharField(_("Heading"), max_length=64, blank=True, null=True)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
heading	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    heading = models.TextField(_('Heading'),blank=True)$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
help_text	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        help_text=_("list of event, you create some events first")$/;"	v	class:EventSliderBlock
holiday	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    holiday = models.BooleanField(default=False)$/;"	v	class:DayTimings
image	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    image = models.ImageField($/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings
image	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    image = models.ImageField($/;"	v	class:EventBlock
image	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    image = models.ImageField($/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
import_string	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/menu.py	/^from django.utils.module_loading import import_string$/;"	i
include	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^from django.conf.urls import include, url$/;"	i
index_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    index_view = get_class('dashboard.views', 'IndexView')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
initial	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    initial = True$/;"	v	class:Migration
initial	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    initial = True$/;"	v	class:Migration
inlineformset_factory	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^from django.forms.models import inlineformset_factory$/;"	i
is_heading	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^    def is_heading(self):$/;"	m	class:Node
is_model_registered	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/models.py	/^from oscar.core.loading import is_model_registered$/;"	i
is_visible	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^    def is_visible(self, user):$/;"	m	class:Node
itertools	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^import itertools$/;"	i
label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/config.py	/^    label = 'appearance'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceConfig
label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/config.py	/^    label = 'appearance_dashboard'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceDashboardConfig
label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/config.py	/^    label = 'dashboard'$/;"	v	class:DashboardConfig
label	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^                                       label=_("Promotion type"))$/;"	v	class:PromotionTypeSelectForm
lat	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    lat = models.CharField(max_length=100, blank=True,null=True)$/;"	v	class:LocationSettings
lattitude	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    lattitude = models.CharField(_("Latitude"), max_length=64)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
link_form_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    link_form_class = PagePromotionForm$/;"	v	class:UpdateView
list_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    list_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'TimingListView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
list_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    list_view = get_class('dashboard.promotions.views',$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
list_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^    list_view = views.TransactionListView$/;"	v	class:ExpressDashboardApplication
location	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^location = lambda x: os.path.join(os.path.dirname(os.path.realpath(__file__)), '..', x)$/;"	v
location	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^location = lambda x: os.path.join(os.path.dirname(os.path.realpath(__file__)), '..', x)$/;"	v
location_create_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    location_create_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'LocationCreateView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
location_delete_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    location_delete_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'LocationDeleteView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
location_list_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    location_list_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'LocationListView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
location_update_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    location_update_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'LocationManageView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
logger	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)$/;"	v
logging	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^import logging$/;"	i
login	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^def login(request):$/;"	f
login	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from django.contrib.auth import login$/;"	i
lon	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    lon = models.CharField(max_length=100, blank=True,null=True)$/;"	v	class:LocationSettings
longitude	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    longitude = models.CharField(_("Longitude"), max_length=64)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
lookup_field	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    lookup_field = 'number'$/;"	v	class:ChangeOrderStatusView
max_length	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        max_length=255)$/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings
max_length	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^            max_length=255)$/;"	v	class:EventBlock
max_length	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^            max_length=255)$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
messages	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.contrib import messages$/;"	i
messages	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.contrib import messages$/;"	i
messages	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.contrib import messages$/;"	i
method_decorator	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from django.utils.decorators import method_decorator$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from django.db import models, migrations$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^from django.db import models, migrations$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
migrations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/serializers.py	/^        model = Order$/;"	v	class:OrderStatusSerializer.Meta
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^        model = AppearanceSettings$/;"	v	class:AppearanceForm.Meta
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/forms.py	/^        model = DayTimings$/;"	v	class:DayTimingsForm.Meta
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^        model = AppearanceSettings$/;"	v	class:AppearanceUpdateForm.Meta
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^        model = DayTimings$/;"	v	class:TimingCreateForm.Meta
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = AppearanceSettings$/;"	v	class:AppearanceView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = DayTimings$/;"	v	class:TimingCreateView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = DayTimings$/;"	v	class:TimingDeleteView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = DayTimings$/;"	v	class:TimingListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = DayTimings$/;"	v	class:TimingManageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = LocationSettings$/;"	v	class:LocationCreateView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = LocationSettings$/;"	v	class:LocationDeleteView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = LocationSettings$/;"	v	class:LocationListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    model = LocationSettings$/;"	v	class:LocationManageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^        model = EventBlock$/;"	v	class:EventDataForm.Meta
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = AutomaticProductList$/;"	v	class:CreateAutomaticProductListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = AutomaticProductList$/;"	v	class:DeleteAutomaticProductListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = AutomaticProductList$/;"	v	class:UpdateAutomaticProductListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = EventBlock$/;"	v	class:CreateEventBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = EventBlock$/;"	v	class:DeleteEventBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = EventBlock$/;"	v	class:UpdateEventBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = EventSliderBlock$/;"	v	class:CreateEventSliderBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = EventSliderBlock$/;"	v	class:DeleteEventSliderBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = EventSliderBlock$/;"	v	class:UpdateEventSliderBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = HandPickedProductList$/;"	v	class:CreateHandPickedProductListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = HandPickedProductList$/;"	v	class:DeleteHandPickedProductListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = HandPickedProductList$/;"	v	class:UpdateHandPickedProductListView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = Image$/;"	v	class:CreateImageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = Image$/;"	v	class:DeleteImageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = Image$/;"	v	class:UpdateImageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = ImageBlock$/;"	v	class:CreateImageBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = ImageBlock$/;"	v	class:DeleteImageBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = ImageBlock$/;"	v	class:UpdateImageBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = MapBlock$/;"	v	class:CreateMapBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = MapBlock$/;"	v	class:DeleteMapBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = MapBlock$/;"	v	class:UpdateMapBlockView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = MultiImage$/;"	v	class:CreateMultiImageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = MultiImage$/;"	v	class:DeleteMultiImageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = MultiImage$/;"	v	class:UpdateMultiImageView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = PagePromotion$/;"	v	class:DeletePagePromotionView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = RawHTML$/;"	v	class:CreateRawHTMLView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = RawHTML$/;"	v	class:DeleteRawHTMLView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = RawHTML$/;"	v	class:UpdateRawHTMLView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = SingleProduct$/;"	v	class:CreateSingleProductView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = SingleProduct$/;"	v	class:DeleteSingleProductView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    model = SingleProduct$/;"	v	class:UpdateSingleProductView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^    model = models.ExpressTransaction$/;"	v	class:TransactionDetailView
model	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^    model = models.ExpressTransaction$/;"	v	class:TransactionListView
model_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            model_name='handpickedproductlist',$/;"	v	class:Migration
model_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            model_name='orderedproduct',$/;"	v	class:Migration
model_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            model_name='orderedproductlist',$/;"	v	class:Migration
model_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^            model_name='handpickedproductlist',$/;"	v	class:Migration
model_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^            model_name='multiimage',$/;"	v	class:Migration
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^import django.db.models.deletion$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/models.py	/^from django.db import models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from django.db import models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from django.db import models, migrations$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^import oscar.models.fields$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^from django.db import models, migrations$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^from django.db import migrations, models$/;"	i
models	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^from paypal.express import models$/;"	i
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/apps.py	/^    name = 'AdminAPI'$/;"	v	class:AdminapiConfig
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='AppUser',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/config.py	/^    name = 'forked_apps.appearance'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceConfig
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='AppearanceSettings',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^            name='DayTimings',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^            name='LocationSettings',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    name = 'dashboard'$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    name = None$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/config.py	/^    name = 'forked_apps.dashboard.appearance'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceDashboardConfig
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/config.py	/^    name = 'oscar.apps.dashboard'$/;"	v	class:DashboardConfig
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    name = None$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/config.py	/^    name = 'forked_apps.dashboard.promotions'$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardConfig
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/config.py	/^    name = 'forked_apps.promotions'$/;"	v	class:PromotionsConfig
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='AutomaticProductList',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='HandPickedProductList',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='Image',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='KeywordPromotion',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='MultiImage',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='OrderedProduct',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='OrderedProductList',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='PagePromotion',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='RawHTML',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='SingleProduct',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='TabbedBlock',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='list',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='orderedproduct',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='product',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='products',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            name='tabbed_block',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^            name='images',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^            name='products',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^            name='ImageBlock',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^            name='MapBlock',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^            name='EventBlock',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^            name='EventSliderBlock',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^            name='mapblock',$/;"	v	class:Migration
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    name = models.CharField(_("Event Name"), max_length=64)$/;"	v	class:EventBlock
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    name = models.CharField(_("Event Name"), max_length=64)$/;"	v	class:EventSliderBlock
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    name = models.CharField(_("Name"), max_length=64)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    name = models.CharField(_("Name"),max_length=128)$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^    name = None$/;"	v	class:ExpressDashboardApplication
noqa	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/models.py	/^from .abstract_models import *  # noqa$/;"	i
noqa	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/admin.py	/^from oscar.apps.promotions.admin import *  # noqa$/;"	i
noqa	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^from oscar.apps.promotions.models import *  # noqa$/;"	i
notify_order_placed	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^def notify_order_placed(sender, order, user, **kwargs):$/;"	f
now	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from django.utils.timezone import now$/;"	i
offers_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    offers_app = get_class('dashboard.offers.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
on_delete	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^                                                                   on_delete=models.CASCADE)),$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
operations	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^    operations = [$/;"	v	class:Migration
options	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            options={$/;"	v	class:Migration
options	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^            options={$/;"	v	class:Migration
options	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            options={$/;"	v	class:Migration
options	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^            options={$/;"	v	class:Migration
options	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^            options={$/;"	v	class:Migration
options	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^            options={$/;"	v	class:Migration
options	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^            options={'verbose_name': 'Map & Address block', 'verbose_name_plural': 'Map Location'},$/;"	v	class:Migration
order_placed	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from oscar.apps.order.signals import order_placed$/;"	i
order_placed	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^order_placed = get_class('order.signals', 'order_placed')$/;"	v
ordering	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        ordering = ('date_created', )$/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings.Meta
orders_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    orders_app = get_class('dashboard.orders.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
os	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^import os$/;"	i
os	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/local_settings.py	/^import os$/;"	i
os	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/settings.py	/^import os$/;"	i
os	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/wsgi.py	/^import os$/;"	i
os	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/manage.py	/^import os$/;"	i
oscar	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^import oscar.models.fields$/;"	i
page_detail	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    page_detail = get_class('dashboard.promotions.views',$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
page_list	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    page_list = get_class('dashboard.promotions.views',$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
page_size	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    page_size = 10$/;"	v	class:OrderPageNumberClass
pages_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    pages_app = get_class('dashboard.pages.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
pagination_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    pagination_class = OrderPageNumberClass$/;"	v	class:RestaurantOrders
partners_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    partners_app = get_class('dashboard.partners.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
patterns	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^from django.conf.urls import patterns, url$/;"	i
payment_description	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^    def payment_description(self, order_number, total, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PaymentDetailsView
payment_details_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/app.py	/^    payment_details_view = views.PaymentDetailsView$/;"	v	class:OverriddenCheckoutApplication
payment_metadata	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^    def payment_metadata(self, order_number, total, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PaymentDetailsView
permanent	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    permanent = True$/;"	v	class:CreateRedirectView
permissions_map	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    permissions_map = {$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
pgettext_lazy	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from django.utils.translation import pgettext_lazy$/;"	i
pgettext_lazy	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^from django.utils.translation import pgettext_lazy$/;"	i
phone_number	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    phone_number = models.CharField(_("Contact Number"), max_length=32, blank=True, null=True)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
post	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    def post(self, request, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:ShippingMethodView
post	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def post(self, request, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PageDetailView
post	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def post(self, request, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:UpdateView
post_save	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.db.models.signals import post_save$/;"	i
pre_conditions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    pre_conditions = [$/;"	v	class:IndexView
pre_conditions	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    pre_conditions = ['check_basket_is_not_empty',$/;"	v	class:ShippingMethodView
preserve_default	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            preserve_default=True,$/;"	v	class:Migration
prices	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^from oscar.core import prices$/;"	i
primary_key	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^                                                                   primary_key=True,$/;"	v	class:Migration
promotion_type	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^    promotion_type = forms.ChoiceField(choices=tuple(choices),$/;"	v	class:PromotionTypeSelectForm
promotions_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    promotions_app = get_class('dashboard.promotions.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
proxy_dict	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^proxy_dict = {$/;"	v
python_2_unicode_compatible	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from django.utils.encoding import python_2_unicode_compatible$/;"	i
queryset	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    queryset = Order.objects.all()$/;"	v	class:ChangeOrderStatusView
random	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^import random$/;"	i
ranges_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    ranges_app = get_class('dashboard.ranges.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
re	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^import re$/;"	i
receiver	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.dispatch import receiver$/;"	i
redirect	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from django.shortcuts import redirect$/;"	i
reg_id	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/models.py	/^    reg_id = models.CharField(max_length=256, blank=True, null=True)$/;"	v	class:AppUser
registrationid	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^def registrationid(request):$/;"	f
remove_from_page	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    def remove_from_page(self, promotion, request, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:UpdateView
render	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.shortcuts import render$/;"	i
render_preview	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^    def render_preview(self, request, **kwargs):$/;"	m	class:PaymentDetailsView
render_to_string	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.template.loader import render_to_string$/;"	i
reports_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    reports_app = get_class('dashboard.reports.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
resolve	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import NoReverseMatch, resolve, reverse$/;"	i
restart_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^def restart_app(sender, **kwargs):$/;"	f
reverse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse$/;"	i
reverse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse, reverse_lazy$/;"	i
reverse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse$/;"	i
reverse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse, reverse_lazy$/;"	i
reverse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import NoReverseMatch, resolve, reverse$/;"	i
reverse	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse$/;"	i
reverse_lazy	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse, reverse_lazy$/;"	i
reverse_lazy	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.core.urlresolvers import reverse, reverse_lazy$/;"	i
reviews_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    reviews_app = get_class('dashboard.reviews.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
save	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/forms.py	/^    def save(self,commit=True):$/;"	m	class:AppearanceUpdateForm
send_android	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^send_android = FCMNotification($/;"	v
send_android_notification	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^def send_android_notification(registration_ids, message):$/;"	f
send_android_notification	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from AdminAPI.views import send_android_notification$/;"	i
send_android_notify	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^send_android_notify = FCMNotification($/;"	v
send_mail	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^from django.core.mail import send_mail$/;"	i
send_notify	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^def send_notify(request):$/;"	f
sendcontact	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^def sendcontact(request):$/;"	f
serialize	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^                                                                   serialize=False,$/;"	v	class:Migration
serializer_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    serializer_class = OrderSerializer$/;"	v	class:OrderList
serializer_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    serializer_class = OrderSerializer$/;"	v	class:RestaurantOrders
serializer_class	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/views.py	/^    serializer_class = OrderStatusSerializer$/;"	v	class:ChangeOrderStatusView
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/menu.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
settings	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/views.py	/^from django.conf import settings$/;"	i
shipping_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    shipping_app = get_class('dashboard.shipping.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
signals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from oscar.apps.checkout import signals$/;"	i
six	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^from django.utils import six$/;"	i
slugify	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^from oscar.core.utils import slugify$/;"	i
staff_member_required	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^from django.contrib.admin.views.decorators import staff_member_required$/;"	i
static	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^from django.conf.urls.static import static$/;"	i
stripe	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^import stripe$/;"	i
stripeEmail	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/forms.py	/^    stripeEmail = forms.EmailField(widget=forms.HiddenInput())$/;"	v	class:StripeTokenForm
stripeToken	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/forms.py	/^    stripeToken = forms.CharField(widget=forms.HiddenInput())$/;"	v	class:StripeTokenForm
sub_heading	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    sub_heading = models.CharField(_("Sub Heading"), max_length=64, blank=True, null=True)$/;"	v	class:MapBlock
sub_heading	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^    sub_heading = models.TextField(_('Sub Heading'),blank=True)$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock
success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    success_url = reverse_lazy('checkout:shipping-address')$/;"	v	class:IndexView
success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    success_url = reverse_lazy('dashboard:location-list')$/;"	v	class:LocationCreateView
success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    success_url = reverse_lazy('dashboard:location-list')$/;"	v	class:LocationManageView
success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    success_url = reverse_lazy('dashboard:timing-list')$/;"	v	class:TimingCreateView
success_url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    success_url = reverse_lazy('dashboard:timing-list')$/;"	v	class:TimingManageView
sys	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/manage.py	/^import sys$/;"	i
template	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^        template = 'dashboard\/table.html'$/;"	v	class:DashboardTable.Meta
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    template_name = 'checkout\/gateway.html'$/;"	v	class:IndexView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^    template_name = 'checkout\/shipping_methods.html'$/;"	v	class:ShippingMethodView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/index.html'$/;"	v	class:AppearanceView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/location_create.html'$/;"	v	class:LocationCreateView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/location_delete.html'$/;"	v	class:LocationDeleteView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/location_list.html'$/;"	v	class:LocationListView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/location_manage.html'$/;"	v	class:LocationManageView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/timing_create.html'$/;"	v	class:TimingCreateView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/timing_delete.html'$/;"	v	class:TimingDeleteView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/timing_manage.html'$/;"	v	class:TimingManageView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/appearance\/timing_view.html'$/;"	v	class:TimingListView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/promotions\/delete.html'$/;"	v	class:DeleteView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/promotions\/delete_pagepromotion.html'$/;"	v	class:DeletePagePromotionView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/promotions\/page_detail.html'$/;"	v	class:PageDetailView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/promotions\/pagepromotion_list.html'$/;"	v	class:PageListView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/views.py	/^    template_name = 'dashboard\/promotions\/promotion_list.html'$/;"	v	class:ListView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^    template_name = 'paypal\/express\/dashboard\/transaction_detail.html'$/;"	v	class:TransactionDetailView
template_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/views.py	/^    template_name = 'paypal\/express\/dashboard\/transaction_list.html'$/;"	v	class:TransactionListView
template_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    template_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'AppearanceView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
themes	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    themes = models.CharField(_('Themes'), max_length=20,$/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings
timedelta	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/views.py	/^from datetime import timedelta$/;"	i
timezone	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/facade.py	/^from django.utils import timezone$/;"	i
to	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^                                                                   to='promotions.HandPickedProductList',$/;"	v	class:Migration
ungettext_lazy	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/tables.py	/^from django.utils.translation import ungettext_lazy$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/migrations/0002_daytimings_locationsettings.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0002_auto_20150604_1450.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0003_imageblock.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0004_mapblock.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unicode_literals	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0005_auto_20170627_2241.py	/^from __future__ import unicode_literals$/;"	i
unique_together	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/migrations/0001_initial.py	/^            unique_together=set([('list', 'product')]),$/;"	v	class:Migration
update_view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^    update_view = get_class('forked_apps.dashboard.appearance.views', 'TimingManageView')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceApplication
updatedCheckoutMixin	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/session.py	/^class updatedCheckoutMixin(CheckoutSessionMixin):$/;"	c
updatedCheckoutMixin	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^updatedCheckoutMixin = get_class('forked_apps.checkout.session','updatedCheckoutMixin')$/;"	v
url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/urls.py	/^from django.conf.urls import  url$/;"	i
url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^from django.conf.urls import url$/;"	i
url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/app.py	/^from django.conf.urls import url$/;"	i
url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/nav.py	/^    def url(self):$/;"	m	class:Node
url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^from django.conf.urls import url$/;"	i
url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^from django.conf.urls import include, url$/;"	i
url	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^from django.conf.urls import patterns, url$/;"	i
urlpatterns	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/urls.py	/^urlpatterns = [$/;"	v
urlpatterns	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/frobshop/urls.py	/^urlpatterns = [$/;"	v
user	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/AdminAPI/models.py	/^    user = models.ForeignKey(User)$/;"	v	class:AppUser
user_is_authenticated	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/views.py	/^from oscar.core.compat import user_is_authenticated$/;"	i
users_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    users_app = get_class('dashboard.users.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        verbose_name = _('App Settings')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceSettings.Meta
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        verbose_name = _('Day Settings')$/;"	v	class:DayTimings.Meta
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^        verbose_name = _('Location Settings')$/;"	v	class:LocationSettings.Meta
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/config.py	/^    verbose_name = _('Appearance')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceConfig
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/appearance/config.py	/^    verbose_name = _('Appearance dashboard')$/;"	v	class:AppearanceDashboardConfig
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/config.py	/^    verbose_name = _('Dashboard')$/;"	v	class:DashboardConfig
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name = _("Event Data")$/;"	v	class:EventBlock.Meta
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name = _("Event Slider")$/;"	v	class:EventSliderBlock.Meta
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name = _("Image Text Block")$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock.Meta
verbose_name	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name = _("Map & Address block")$/;"	v	class:MapBlock.Meta
verbose_name_plural	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name_plural = _("Event Data")$/;"	v	class:EventBlock.Meta
verbose_name_plural	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name_plural = _("Event Slider")$/;"	v	class:EventSliderBlock.Meta
verbose_name_plural	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name_plural = _("Image Text Blocks")$/;"	v	class:ImageBlock.Meta
verbose_name_plural	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/promotions/models.py	/^        verbose_name_plural = _("Map Location")$/;"	v	class:MapBlock.Meta
view	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^            view = get_class('dashboard.promotions.views', full_view_name)$/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
view_names	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/app.py	/^    view_names = ($/;"	v	class:PromotionsDashboardApplication
views	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/checkout/app.py	/^from oscar_stripe import views$/;"	i
views	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/oscar_stripe/dashboard/app.py	/^from paypal.express.dashboard import views$/;"	i
vouchers_app	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/app.py	/^    vouchers_app = get_class('dashboard.vouchers.app', 'application')$/;"	v	class:DashboardApplication
widgets	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^        widgets = {$/;"	v	class:EventDataForm.Meta
widgets	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/dashboard/promotions/forms.py	/^from oscar.forms import widgets$/;"	i
zipcode	/home/anoop/Works/Insta_venv/instaoscar/forked_apps/appearance/abstract_models.py	/^    zipcode = models.CharField(max_length=20, blank=True,null=True,unique=True)$/;"	v	class:LocationSettings
